Writing final report

 - Abstract
Include original proposal
 > We decided that the most important way to make progress is to make a concrete example of what we can work on

 - Problem Statement - big picture, gets more specific
Regex has all sorts of problems. PEGs can fix some of these, and provide additional powers. We demonstrate how a 
PEG solution can be more powerful than a regex solution, while pointing out limitation/usability issues with the
PEG based approach. (state what we did) - We created a dataset with sequential, nested, interleaved, and invalid
transactions, wrote RPL code to process dataset, and wrote a separate program to consume json output from Rosie
parsing.
 > should say that the problem evolved from continuations and 

 - Literature Summary
A few sentences on each source

 - Methodology
We needed a dataset with various features, so we made that up.
We created RPL to process it
We created a json processing program to process RPL processing 

 - Results
We created a dataset with various types of transactions (that can be used in future research)
We created rpl code for processing these datasets
We processed Rosie output to demonstrate that the structure created by the Rosie processor reflects the structure
of the data.
While writing the RPL code, we encountered usability issues that can be improved in future versions of Rosie

 - Citations
Pick a few articles cited at the end of https://jamiejennings.com/posts/2021-09-07-dont-look-back-1/
 > used to make the point that regex is frequently used and a source of bugs
Bryan Ford 2004 — PEG paper
 > defines PEG grammars - root of all the work on Rosie and other PEG based grammar systems
https://lexi-lambda.github.io/blog/2019/11/05/parse-don-t-validate/
 > Validating is a source of security bugs. By parsing it into a data structure and loading it into a program,
   you don't have to reparse or revalidate any of the data.
Continuations papers

 - Reflection
Step back from technical part and talk about my experiences (how project evolved, scope changes, etc).
Describe what the experience was like.
Started with raw data and ended with processed data.


Add in text from previous notes and meetings

Due the 12th, maybe? Will be ideal to finish on the 9th
